today we're gonna make a riff on a
classic the book Hardy cocktail for this
trick you need a coupe glass a jigger a
citrus juicer a fine mesh strainer a
Hawthorne strainer a cocktail shaker and
a cutting board and a small knife this
shrinkies is wrong
grenadine and freshly squeezed lime
juice
I like squeezing straining and bottling
the lime juice before I get started that
way it's ready to go
and I can measure precise pours given
its name it's pretty self evident that
this drinks made with Bacardi Rum but it
goes further than that like the dark and
stormy the Bacardi cocktail is
trademarked the same way the dark and
stormy can only be in with Gosselin's
legally speaking I cannot make this
drink with any other light round if you
do you just can't call it a Bacardi got
to the Bacardi cocktail is involved over
the years the earlier version was close
to a martini made with rum that it was
to this trick this recipe is the more
modern accepted recipe for the cocktail
which is kind of like a daiquiri made
with grenadine but the grenadine takes
it to a whole new level the tartness of
the lime is offset by the sweet berry
flavor of the grenadine and it's
certainly not shy with the booze this
recipe comes from the 1947 Trader Vic's
Bar manual so this version was most
likely the recipe that Bond was
intending when he ordered it the 1953
book Casino Royale no he didn't order it
for himself
bond was drinking in americano at the
time
he was pretending to be a Jamaican
socialite abroad in France so he was in
character and making judgment calls as
that character this is the drinkie
ordered for vesperal and when he first
met her he chose it most likely because
she was a woman and considered pink a
color befitting of a lady but after
getting to know her Bond ordered a
straight chilled vodka with Vesper and
they drank it with their meal however
given a choice I'd take the Bacardi
cocktail of a straight vodka any day of
the week and of course this is the same
best Bert was the namesake of the famous
drink he invented let's start by
chilling the glass filled with ice and
water and set it aside next we're gonna
measure an ounce and a half a rum add
that to the shaker either half an ounce
of lime juice add that to the shaker
measure a quarter ounce of grenadine and
add that to the shaker and ice because
we're using cloudy ingredients we're
gonna shake this ball give it a good
hard shake to chill it down and give it
some pollution dump the ice from your
coupe glass then strain the contents of
your shaker into your chilled coupe
glass this one is served up so spare the
garnish and that's all there is to it
the Bacardi cocktail Cheers
click here for more videos be sure to
subscribe and check us out on Facebook
Twitter and Instagram